Updates documentation for `get_queryset` (#199)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry-graphql-django: docs/references/types.md

### `QuerySet` setup

By default, a `strawberry_django` type will get data from the default manager for its Django Model.

> You can implement a custom `get_queryset` class method to your type to do some extra processing to the default queryset,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can implement a custom `get_queryset` classmethod to your type to do some extra processing to the default queryset,
```

like filtering it further.

> **Warning** This function was implemented as an instance method prior to release: [`0.5.4`](https://github.com/strawberry-graphql/strawberry-graphql-django/releases/tag/v0.5.4). Previously, the method signature looked like: `get_queryset(self, queryset, info):` It has since changed to a class method.

> 

Reviewer: I don't know if this warning is correct, because `get_queryset` was never an instance method, it was just a bug in the docs.

Author: Cool, I've updated my message to say it was incorrect documentation

You can implement a custom `get_queryset` to your type to do some extra processing to the default queryset,
like filtering it further.

> Warning! The `self` parameter was removed in version: [`0.5.4`](https://github.com/strawberry-graphql/strawberry-graphql-django/releases/tag/v0.5.4). Previously, the method signature looked like: `get_queryset(self, queryset, info):`.

```python
@strawberry.django.type(models.Fruit)
class Berry:

>     def get_queryset(self, queryset, info):

Reviewer: Actually this should be a `classmethod`:

```python
@classmethod
def get_queryset(cls, queryset, info):
    ...
```

The warning should also be updated accordingly

Author: Are you saying that the old method `def get_queryset(self, queryset, info):` should be `def get_queryset(cls, queryset, info):`? Or are you talking about the new method `def get_queryset(queryset, info):` that should be changed?

Reviewer: The method was actually wrong before. It should always have been `def get_queryset(cls, queryset, info):` decorated with a `@classmethod`, because it is called from the class

Reviewer 2: I just ran into the documentation issue and then traced my way here from discord discussion. 

Would be happy to submit the requested changes in a PR to your branch @fireteam99 or start a new PR here. Let me know if either would be helpful.

Author: Sorry for the late response, I'll update the warning accordingly and request a re-review!

Author: @bellini666 do the updated docs look correct?

Reviewer: Yeap! :)

Author: sorry for the delay, i think I've addressed everything

@strawberry.django.type(models.Fruit)
class Berry:

>     def get_queryset(queryset, info):

Reviewer: This also needs updating

Author: updated!
